uh y'all back on the bro Windy City so I
gave you all the transition y'all like
give me some mom I'll speak in the pen
ah sweet ones back when I say I'm listen
I just happen to breath the shock
breaking it's a moment wait what is
going on guys it's oh geez a nice for
the win here and today I'm going to be
showing you guys a really awesome glitch
on die right zombies what you guys want
to do is make your way towards this
staircase you are then going to do a
really small strafe jump and land on top
of this sofa barrier and once you're on
top of this sofa barrier all of the
zombies will pile up below you now if
you guys want to get all of the
power-ups that the zombies drop and want
to kill them very easily I recommend
getting the new one the weapon what you
want to do is just shoot at the ground
the zombies will then go all over the
place
you want to then shoot it again and then
all the zombies will die obviously with
most normal weapons up in this glitch
apart from something like the ray gun it
won't do much as it won't reach the
zombies but with this new one the weapon
you can easily kill them you can easily
get all of them out of way and then you
can drop down collect power-ups that
they drop and simply get back on this
barrier but anyway guys I hope you enjoy
the rest of this video I'm going to give
credit to two people for this glitch I
was in a game of glitching Cobra when he
discovered this but I saw that test
shadow HD was the first person to put
this on YouTube so I hope you guys enjoy
the rest of this video if we can get
2,000 likes that would be absolutely
amazing don't forget to leave a comment
let me know what you think of this
glitch and it's been oh geez Alex with
the win and I catch you guys in the next
video thank you for watching swag never
break this party your pledge allegiance
or
I love a powerful punch with this
convenience in the jab it's so pizza
lover hey and my poor grievance on your
ass it's like I'm teaching the plans for
carpet bottles in the club around the
sneaking in a flash now there's a lot of
movements there to leave us in a flash
but believe me they won't be the ones to
last
you never understand